Editorial review dev product guide (#140)
ansys/DevRelDocs: Markdown/developer_product_guide/structures.md

## Ansys Mechanical and MAPDL

The Ansys Mechanical product consists of two aspects: Mechanical and Mechanical APDL (MAPDL). MAPDL further consists of two constituent parts: the user interface that lets you call and run APDL code, and APDL itself. APDL stands for "Ansys Parametric Design Language."

Ansys Mechanical and MAPDL are essentially two sides of the same coin, being two ways to access the same solver. There are four principal developer tools associated with them plus a fifth that's only available as part of the Mechanical Premium and Enterprise products.

* **Mechanical scripting interface:** Available within Mechanical, this is a Python scripting interface used for programmatically interacting with the Mechanical UI. For more information, see [Mechanical scripting interface (Developer Portal documentation)](https://developer.ansys.com/docs/mechanical-scripting-interface/index.md).

> * **APDL:** A FORTRAN-like scripting language that directly interacts with the underlying solver of both tools.

Author: @jgd10  It's unclear what "both tools" refers to here. Please clarify.

> * **APDL:** A FORTRAN-like scripting language that directly interacts with the underlying solver of both tools.

Author: ```suggestion
* **APDL:** A FORTRAN-like scripting language that directly interacts with the underlying solver of both APDL and Mechanical.
```

* [PyMAPDL Tutorial](https://tutorials.mapdl.docs.pyansys.com/tutorials/01-pymapdl.html)
* [PyAnsys Training: Overview of PyMAPDL and PyMechanical](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qh4Y07OZdms)
* [PyAnsys Training: PyMAPDL Examples and Use Cases](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H_i-O712wQE)
* [Exploring PyMechanical access methods: A brief overview](https://developer.ansys.com/blog/exploring-pymechanical-access-methods-brief-overview)
* [Introduction to Ansys ACT in Mechanical (ALH)](https://www.ansys.com/training-center/course-catalog/structures/introduction-to-ansys-act-mechanical)
* [Ansys Mechanical Scripting (ALH)](https://learninghub.ansys.com/learn/courses/902/ansys-mechanical-scripting)
* [Introduction to Ansys ACT Wizards (ALH)](https://www.ansys.com/training-center/course-catalog/structures/introduction-to-ansys-act-wizards)
* [Create a report from a saved Mechanical session (.mechdb or .mechdat)](https://developer.ansys.com/blog/create-report-saved-mechanical-session-mechdb-or-mechdat)

### Non-Ansys Mechanical and MAPDL training material

> * [PADT Blog (PADT)](https://www.padtinc.com/blog-home/)

Author: @jgd10 What purpose does this link to the PADT home page provide? I think it should be deleted.
